I am showing the very beginning stages of my visual project. First, I wanted the background to be blue to represent the blue of the American flag. In the first picture, the background is a close blue to the flag, but after adding an overlay the color has changed because of the white background of the overylay. I have to figure out how to just add the red to the lottery ticket and make the background transparent. This is one challenge I am currently facing. But in doing the overylay, I did figure out to overlay certain layers. But now the other problem I have is that the color is coming out very orange. The lottery ticket is supposed to be red on purpose. I have not decided on whether I want to fade out the words on the lottery ticket yet. 

I have figured out what I want to do in regards to the words on the lottery ticket though. In reading the book, he has some very memorable quotes of what he has done. I am thinking about putting those on the lottery ticket and somehow maybe forming the words into small stars? I will have to see if this word transformation is possible. I also want to put the words on the blue background to represent the stripes on the flag.

I have a few big things I need to work on. First, how do I change the background to navy? How can I make the ticket red and not orange? How can I perform word transformation into other objects? What quotes do I want to include? What font do I want? (I think I am leaning towards Humanistic fonts because this whole picture is supposed to represent what it means to be human) Besides for that, I think I am set. I know I am not including a lot of pictures, but it is because I really want to focus on the transformation of just this one picture. I also find the original picture ironic because this average guy is looking for money, and I am conveying the real lottery of coming to America with nothing.
